CAMPUS FACILITIES 
Infrastructure and Non-Residential Facilities Living on campus connects you to the full range of opportunities that KNUST has to offer. This is one reason why nearly all undergraduate students and more than 50 percent of graduate students live in halls and hostels on campus. KNUST boasts of six traditional halls of residence. University, Unity, Africa, Queen Elizabeth II, Independence and Republic Halls of residence are all Mixed-Sex Halls. A number of Private Hostels are available around the campus and in Kumasi for students who, as a result of the limited facilities/rooms could not be admitted as resident students. Currently, about 60% of the total student population is non-resident. There are also Non-Resident Facilities on campus (located near Club 'B' and the Central Classroom Block) where non-resident students could take a rest between lectures and do their own private studies before they leave for their various homes and hostels. Food Joints KNUST and its neighbouring suburbs have amazingly diverse kinds of restaurants serving up selections of local and international cuisine to the university community. You'll find plenty of variety and convenience with over 30 dining locations in and around campus. If it’s about food, KNUST has more than enough to offer everyone. The Dining halls of the six halls of residence offer a variety of dishes and snacks at affordable prices to students. Junior Common Room snack bars can also be found in all the halls. Most restaurants around campus offer room services to students. Your pizza, chips and chicken, banku or jollof rice is just a call away. Business Centres KNUST is a community by itself and therefore houses numerous business centres. The Commercial area is the main business hub of the university. The commercial area houses a pool of banks, a post office and well-resourced bookshop. It also houses a number of mini-marts where all assortment of foodstuff can be found. There is also a shuttle and taxi station at the Commercial area. There are printing and photocopy shops scattered all around campus to aid academic work. Information Communication Technology In a quest to maintain our status as the premier Science and Technology University in West Africa and to aspire higher, there are a number of ICT facilities and installations all over campus and its neighbouring suburbs. All the six halls on campus have wi-fi installations that enable residents to have easy access to the internet in the comfort of their rooms and halls. The university boasts of a network of ICT systems. There are ICT centres located at various spots around campus. These are to aid students in their academic work. Also located at the College of Science and Engineering are the very first Tech Hub in the sub-region and a fast
speed Vodafone Internet Cafe, respectively. There are a number of internet hotspots too around campus where one can easily get access to the internet.