Clubs and Association
KNUST students are officially represented at each level of association. There is a Students' Representative Council (SRC) representing the whole student body. Students also belong to college, faculty or department associations. Graduate students have their own representative bodies collectively and individually into programmes offered under their respective departments. We exemplify an ideal democratic institution where the voices of its major stakeholders are expressed and considered together to enhance administration in the university.

 
College, Faculty and Department Associations
 

1. Architecture Students’ Association of Ghana

2. Association of Aerospace Engineering Students, Ghana

3. Association of Computer Engineering Students

4. Association of Geomatic Engineering Students

5. Association of Material Engineering Students

6. Association of Mathematical Students

7. Biological Science Students’ Association

8. Building Technology Students’ Association

9. Chemical Engineering Students' Association

10. Civil Engineering Students' Association

11. College of Architecture and Planning Students

12. College of Art and Social Sciences Students' Council

13. Computer Science Society

14. Electrical/Electronic Engineering Students' Association

15. Faculty of Art Students’ Association

16. French Club

17. Ghana Association of Agricultural Students

18. Ghana Biochemistry Students’ Association

19. Ghana Engineering Students' Association

20. Ghana Pharmaceutical Students' Association

21. Graduate Students Association of Ghana

22. Graphic Arts Students Association

23. International Students Association (ISA)

24. KNUST School of Business Graduate Students' Assoc

25. Land Management & Development Students’ Association

26. Law Students Union

27. Mechanical Engineering Students’ Association

28. Medical Laboratory Students’ Association

29. Medical Students’ Association

30. Metal Product Design Students

31. Nursing Students’ Association

32. Optometry Students’ Association of Ghana

33. Petroleum Students’ Association of Ghana

34. Physics Students’ Association of Ghana

35. Renewable Natural Resources Students Association

36. Science Students Association

37. Social Science Society

38. Society of Integrated Rural Artists

39. Students Chemical Society

40. Students' Representative Council

41. Textile Students Association

42. Tourism Students’ Association

There are numerous clubs and societies on campus, ranging from Old School associations to common interest groups. There are over 100 student groups and organizations on campus, although that number keeps expanding because students are encouraged to start new clubs to fit their interests - and they don't hesitate to do so! All student groups are governed and managed by students, and there is literally something for everybody.

© 2023 Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology, Kumasi, Ghana | T: +233 5000 99299 | E: uro@knust.edu.gh | Ghana Post GPS Address: AK-385-1973