COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING
KWAME NKRUMAH UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY
Welcome to the College of Engineering.
Welcome to the College of Engineering, Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Kumasi!
College of Engineering has over half a century maintained a reputation for quality training and has been at the forefront of preparing manpower to support the technological and engineering advancement of KNUST, Ghana, and beyond.
Our staff takes great pride in providing a safe and secure learning environment to enable our students to grow intellectually, emotionally, and socially, while at the same time offering a wide array of exciting and challenging academic programmes.
The KNUST College of Engineering (COE) was founded in October 1952 and has over half a century, maintained a reputation of quality training and being the forefront of preparing manpower to support the technological and engineering advancement of Ghana and Africa.
Many well-known Ghanaian academics and professionals, both in and outside Ghana, have passed through the lecture halls/rooms of this prestigious African institution. The College has a vision to uplift the quality of Engineering Education and promote Technology Advancement in Ghana and Africa.
Currently COE comprises nine (9) departments running 15 academic programmes at the undergraduate and post graduate levels. These programmes are Civil Engineering, Geomatic Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Telecommunications Engineering, Computer Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, Aerospace Engineering, Agricultural Engineering, Petroleum Engineering
The college in collaboration with the KNUST School of Graduate Studies runs a number of specialized post-graduate programmes such as Masters programmes in Renewable Energy Technologies, Water Resources Engineering and Management, water supply and Environmental Sanitation, Electrical Power Systems, Agro-Environmental Engineering, Bioengineering, and food and Post-Harvest Engineering.
In addition to research conducted in all academic Departments the College also host two Research Centres, namely the Technology Consultancy Center (TCC) and the Energy Center (TEC).
The Technology Consultancy Centre (TCC) was founded in 1972 with a mandate to work with KNUST’s academics departments to conduct research, co-develop and transfer technology to support small and medium scale industries in Ghana Strategic Mandate, Vision, Mission & Core Values Within the overall strategic mandate, vision and core values of the University, the College seeks to become an internationally acknowledged centre of excellence in engineering education but focused on national industrial development. The College is organized under a three-tier system of administration under the leadership of the Provost who provides among other things, leadership in the College.
Administration
Prof. Kwabena Biritwum Nyarko PROVOST
Kwabena Biritwum Nyarko is Professor in the Civil Engineering Department, KNUST. He has a BSc in Civil Engineering from the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology, Kumasi Ghana, MSc in Sanitary Engineering from UNESCO-IHE Water Institute in Delft, the Netherlands and a PhD from UNESCO-IHE Water Institute in Delft, Netherlands and Institute of Social Studies in The Hague, the Netherlands.
Mr. Johnson Owusu COLLEGE ACCOUNTANT
Mrs. Ida Saeed COLLEGE REGISTRAR
Mrs. Ida Saeed joined the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST) administrative system in 2004 and as a professional University Administrator, she has extensive management experience within the administrative machinery of a tertiary academic institution...
Mr. Emmanuel K. Adjei JNR. ASST. REGISTRAR
Mr. Adjei is a result-oriented individual who seeks to excel in the field of general administration, human resource management, international business, and marketing; and to accomplish challenging tasks, essentially through practice, theory, and research. He has risen through the ranks from lower, middle, and to top management. He is focused and reliable
Mrs. Elizabeth Maame Esi Amissah JNR. ASST. REGISTRAR
Mrs. Elizabeth Maame Esi Amissah is the Junior Assistant Registrar at the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology (KNUST). Mrs. Amissah started work in KNUST as an Administrative Assistant and the secretary to the Founding Dean of Faculty of Law, KNUST, in December 2003. She has worked with three (3) renowned Vice-Chancellors: Prof. Kwasi Kwafo Adarkwa, Prof. William Otoo Ellis, and Prof. Kwasi Obiri-Danso from 2010 to 2016...
Mr. Kingsley Kusi JNR. ASST. REGISTRAR
Mr. Kingsley Kusi joined the Kwame Nkrumah University of Science and Technology in 2009 as a Senior Administrative Assistant. He has since then, risen through the ranks and is currently a Junior Assistant Registrar. He is self-motivated, decisive and independent minded
Mr. Edward Mensah Borteye AG. COLLEGE LIBRARIAN Mr. Edward Mensah Borteye is a Senior Assistant Librarian and has over ten (10) years’ experience as an Academic Librarian. Edward has for the past few years been teaching first years Information Literacy Skills. He is Fellow of the Ghana Library Association and a member of the University Teachers Association of Ghana (UTAG)
RELATED OFFICES Counselling Office The College of Engineering has a counselling Office providing general counselling services to students at the college. General Counselling Services Services provided include: 
1. Psycho-educational counselling 
2. Psychotherapy for various issues 
3. Social/behavioural counselling 
4. Academic and Career counselling 
5. Emotional, Psychological and Interpersonal counselling 
6. Substance use and abuse/ HIV/ STI counselling 
7. Peer Counselling 
8. Liaison with faculties on various academic issues 
9. Liaison with hospitals on medical issues 
Contact Information 
Email: Elizabeth.sarfo@knust.edu.gh Working Hours: 10:00am to 1:00pm Monday, Wednesday and Friday (College of Engineering – Bamfo Kwakye Building, 1st floor next to Room 206) Tuesday and Thursday (KNUST Counselling Center – Dean of Student, Room 7A)
Faculties & Departments • Faculty of Civil and Geo Engineering • Faculty of Electrical & Computer Engineering • Faculty of Mechanical & Chemical Engineering The College of Engineering runs a 3-tier system of administration which comprise three Faculties with eleven Teaching Departments. Faculty of Civil and Geo Engineering Faculty of Electrical & Computer Engineering Faculty of Mechanical & Chemical Engineering
Responsible Artificial Intelligence Lab (RAIL)
Address
Provost Office College of Engineering KNUST-Kumasi
Telephone
+233-3220-60317 Fax:+233-3220-60317
College email address
provost.coe@knust.edu.gh
© 2017 Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology, Kumasi, Ghana | Developed by University Information Technology Services-UITS