TRANSPORTATION
How do I get to KNUST from elsewhere?
KNUST is located in Kumasi, the Garden City, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. For persons within and around the Kumasi Metropolis, the first access point to Ghana's No.1 University is Tech. Junction, a major station just outside the main gate of the University. From any point in and around the metropolis, one can board any vehicle, be it private or commercial to Tech Junction. Outside Kumasi, one can get to KNUST by either driving to Kumasi or by boarding a Kumasi Bound bus and then locating Tech. Junction. From the Tech Junction, there are available options to enable you reach your destination on campus.

Getting to and around KNUST campus is an easy task for all. On arrival at Tech. Junction, which is a main transport terminal just outside the main gate of this prestigious University, one can locate several avenues to board a car to get to campus. First is by transport through any of our gates to campus in a private vehicle. Private vehicles are allowed into main KNUST campus without any restrictions.

Second is by locating our officially embossed campus taxi cabs with stickers and transport shuttles which are the only commercial type of vehicles allowed into the main campus for security reasons.  Third is by walking directly to and through any part of campus if you choose that as an alternative.

Last is by boarding any commercial vehicle passing through campus to Ayeduase New site or Kotei environs or Kumasi market and alighting at Continental Roundabout. However, this options will require walking or boarding a campus registered commercial vehicle to enable you arrive at your desired destination. NB: Entry to main campus area by commercial vehicles are not allowed EXCEPT for KNUST shuttles and KNUST Registered and Embossed Taxis.

Transport fares from various cities, towns and villages differ taking into consideration the distance to Kumasi and the type of vehicle available. From Accra to Kumasi transport by bus, it costs between GHC 8.00 to GHC 30.00 with respect to mini buses, big and small Yutong Buses and VIP buses. You may check fares at various stations to know how much it costs to get to Kumasi from your current location. It cost 50Gp to join a shuttle or commercially registered KNUST embossed taxi from Tech. Junction to main campus. It costs 50/60Gp for a commercial bus from Tech. Junction to some parts of campus before continuing by other means to main campus. *However, chattered taxis have different fare charges depending on the location one boards the vehicle. NB: Transport fares for chattered vehicles may vary. Example, Campus to Kumasi Market or town may cost from GHC 3.00 to GHC 7.00 for registered campus taxis.

Getting around campus is easy either by foot, taxi or shuttle services. You can follow the map provided to locate your way around campus. However, taxis use designated route which lead you to and fro various halls of residence on campus and to tech. Junction. Shuttles lead to and fro various halls of residence on campus and academic areas and also to commercial area of KNUST. However, shuttles occasionally go to and fro tech. junction when more services to transport to main campus are required.




© 2023 Kwame Nkrumah University of Science & Technology, Kumasi, Ghana | T: +233 5000 99299 | E: uro@knust.edu.gh | Ghana Post GPS Address: AK-385-1973